A database index is a data structure that improves 
the speed of data retrieval operations on a database 
table at the cost of additional writes and storage space 
to maintain the index data structure. 
Indexes are used to quickly locate data without having to 
search every row in a database table every time 
a database table is accessed.

Indexing methods:
 *Non-clustered - The data is present in arbitrary order, 
but the logical ordering is specified by the index.
 
 *Clustered - Clustering alters the data block into
acertain distinct order to match the index, 
resulting in the row data being stored in order.
 
 *Cluster - When multiple databases and multiple tables are joined, 
 it's referred to as a cluster

B-Tree:
In computer science, a B-tree is a tree data structure 
that keeps data sorted and allows searches, 
sequential access, insertions, and deletions in logarithmic time. 
The B-tree is a generalization of a binary search tree 
in that a node can have more than two children

Clustered Index:
Clustered indexes sort and store the data rows 
in the table or view based on their key values. 
These are the columns included in the index definition. 
There can be only one clustered index per table, 
because the data rows themselves can be sorted in only one order.

Columnstore index:
The in-memory columnstore index is the standard for 
storing and querying large data warehousing fact tables. 
It uses column-based data storage and query processing 
to achieve up to 10x query performance gains in your 
data warehouse over traditional row-oriented storage, 
and up to 10x data compression over the uncompressed data size.

Full Text Search:
In text retrieval, full text search refers to techniques 
for searching a single computer-stored document 
or a collection in a full text database.
When the number of documents to search is potentially large, 
or the quantity of search queries to perform is substantial, 
the problem of full-text search is often divided 
into two tasks: indexing and searching. 
The indexing stage will scan the text of all the documents 
and build a list of search terms 
(often called an index, but more correctly named a concordance). 
In the search stage, when performing a specific query,
only the index is referenced, 
rather than the text of the original documents.

Spatial index:
A spatial column is a table column that contains data
of a spatial data type, such as geometry or geography.
